Add IDE pitfall to make sure you have CLI tools installed (#140)
eecs280staff/tutorials: docs/setup_xcode.md

Next, we recommend our [Command line interface (CLI)](cli.html) tutorial.

<div class="primer-spec-callout warning" markdown="1">

> **Pitfall:** Make sure you have installed CLI tools for your OS before continuing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Pitfall:** Make sure you have installed [CLI tools for macOS](setup_macos.html) before continuing.
```

> | [macOS](setup_macos.html)| [Windows](setup_wsl.html) | [Linux](setup_wsl.html#install-cli-tools)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
